NOTES.md, before:

# CS4218 Team Project: Shell - QA Report

## Injected bugs

Here is a list of all the bugs that we believe have been injected in the code provided:

### Commit [bb84252](https://github.com/nus-cs4218/cs4218-project-ay1920-s2-2020-team03/commit/bb84252d532ffae18a2cf674bc045e46198af2f2)

* `break` outside loop or switch statement in `ShellImpl` main function, causing a build error. This has been fixed, but no tests were written as the build error will no longer occur

* Inverted boolean logic in `CallComand.evaluate()`

* Missing `break` statements in `ApplicationRunner`

* Uncaught and undeclared exception in `IOUtils.openOutputStream()`

* Missing increment causing infinite loop in `StringUtils.isBlank()`

### Commit [dd06ee3](https://github.com/nus-cs4218/cs4218-project-ay1920-s2-2020-team03/commit/dd06ee3a0de623e63c01c7700206085937ed66cb)

* Inverted boolean logic in `StringUtils.isBlank()`

### Commit [bfe24a0](https://github.com/nus-cs4218/cs4218-project-ay1920-s2-2020-team03/pull/1/commits/bfe24a05f971d3a0a185ab2b7d7a0e2199e0ce45)

* Prevent Shell from exiting after just one command

### Commit []()

* Removed unused variable `currentDirecgory` in `ShellImpl`

* Fixed missing shell prompt

* Broken null check in `IORedirectionHandler`. Found using the PMD rule set.

* Inconsistent new lines at the end of echo command


### Commit []()

* Fixed implementation of LS command. The implementation bug was mentioned in comment in `sg.edu.nus.comp.cs4218.impl.app.LsApplication#buildResult()`

* Performance improvement by using `StringBuilder` in `RegexArgument#globFiles()`

### Commit []()

* ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception when calling cd without args. Error message printed is just 0. Created a test case for this but not up to us to fix.

* Fixed sequence commands: tokens of previous commands were being used for the ones following because the tokens list was not cleaned in `CommandBuilder`

### Commit []()

* Fixed ignored `<` for input redirection in `CommandBuilder`

* Fixed broken check in `IORedirectionHandler.isRedirOperator()`


### Commit []()

* SedApplication fix indexing and matching to replace the expected match

* SedApplication write the result by replacing the file's content with result

* Fixed indexing bug in `PipeCommand`
 
* Fixed negation to add result of subCommand

* When sub command is evaluated, in the result the new line is removed and replaced by "" instead of space



# Notes
- So far no tests have been written for these
- Files with spaces in it have to be quoted



# TDD - ignored tests

SED: One case ignored cause null regex is not allowed in UNIX

EXIT: One case ignored cause Different implementation style

WC: Four tests ignored cause ours is behaving same as UNIX. Probably OS or arch diff with bytes flag

MV: Two tests ignored cause they test out put stream which is not unit to Mv and can be tested by integration on higher level.
    Two ignored cause our implementation is more similar to UNIX.
    Please check `countFromFiles_multiFiles()` for formatting of result diff from actual unix
    

# TDD - fixes

- CALL Command: 
    - Fixed null edge cases
    
- Exit
    - Should we change our impl?

- Globbing
    - Fixed regex bug for relative paths

- CdApp
    - Edge cases
    - Null args
    - No args and multiple args
    - No permission

- IoRedir
    - For `abc > >` case
    
- Mv
    - Multiple fixes for better implementation and exception error messages
    
    
    

Also includes trivial fixes in tests and small bugs

Commit message:

fixed a lot of test cases for paste, added more. 1 bug still to fix

NOTES.md, after:

# CS4218 Team Project: Shell - QA Report

## Injected bugs

Here is a list of all the bugs that we believe have been injected in the code provided:

### Commit [bb84252](https://github.com/nus-cs4218/cs4218-project-ay1920-s2-2020-team03/commit/bb84252d532ffae18a2cf674bc045e46198af2f2)

* `break` outside loop or switch statement in `ShellImpl` main function, causing a build error. This has been fixed, but no tests were written as the build error will no longer occur

* Inverted boolean logic in `CallComand.evaluate()`

* Missing `break` statements in `ApplicationRunner`

* Uncaught and undeclared exception in `IOUtils.openOutputStream()`

* Missing increment causing infinite loop in `StringUtils.isBlank()`

### Commit [dd06ee3](https://github.com/nus-cs4218/cs4218-project-ay1920-s2-2020-team03/commit/dd06ee3a0de623e63c01c7700206085937ed66cb)

* Inverted boolean logic in `StringUtils.isBlank()`

### Commit [bfe24a0](https://github.com/nus-cs4218/cs4218-project-ay1920-s2-2020-team03/pull/1/commits/bfe24a05f971d3a0a185ab2b7d7a0e2199e0ce45)

* Prevent Shell from exiting after just one command

### Commit []()

* Removed unused variable `currentDirecgory` in `ShellImpl`

* Fixed missing shell prompt

* Broken null check in `IORedirectionHandler`. Found using the PMD rule set.

* Inconsistent new lines at the end of echo command


### Commit []()

* Fixed implementation of LS command. The implementation bug was mentioned in comment in `sg.edu.nus.comp.cs4218.impl.app.LsApplication#buildResult()`

* Performance improvement by using `StringBuilder` in `RegexArgument#globFiles()`

### Commit []()

* ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception when calling cd without args. Error message printed is just 0. Created a test case for this but not up to us to fix.

* Fixed sequence commands: tokens of previous commands were being used for the ones following because the tokens list was not cleaned in `CommandBuilder`

### Commit []()

* Fixed ignored `<` for input redirection in `CommandBuilder`

* Fixed broken check in `IORedirectionHandler.isRedirOperator()`


### Commit []()

* SedApplication fix indexing and matching to replace the expected match

* SedApplication write the result by replacing the file's content with result

* Fixed indexing bug in `PipeCommand`
 
* Fixed negation to add result of subCommand

* When sub command is evaluated, in the result the new line is removed and replaced by "" instead of space



# Notes
- So far no tests have been written for these
- Files with spaces in it have to be quoted



# TDD - ignored tests

SED: One case ignored cause null regex is not allowed in UNIX

EXIT: One case ignored cause Different implementation style

WC: Four tests ignored cause ours is behaving same as UNIX. Probably OS or arch diff with bytes flag

MV: Two tests ignored cause they test out put stream which is not unit to Mv and can be tested by integration on higher level.
    Two ignored cause our implementation is more similar to UNIX.
    Please check `countFromFiles_multiFiles()` for formatting of result diff from actual unix
    

# TDD - fixes

- CALL Command: 
    - Fixed null edge cases
    
- Exit
    - Should we change our impl?

- Globbing
    - Fixed regex bug for relative paths

- CdApp
    - Edge cases
    - Null args
    - No args and multiple args
    - No permission

- IoRedir
    - For `abc > >` case
    
- Mv
    - Multiple fixes for better implementation and exception error messages
    
- Paste
    - Added check for null input stream and test cases for it and null output stream as well
    - Added test case for null args
    - Fixed extra of newlines at the end of output
    - Better error message when file is not found
    - Better error message when file is a directory
    - etter error message when fail to write to outstream
    

Also includes trivial fixes in tests and small bugs
